Welcome to Tumla!

Tumla is owned and operated by Tumla Ltd.

This Cookie Policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit:

https://tumla.com and sub domains

The information collected through cookies will be under responsibility and in charge of:

Tumla Ltd (UK company)

(Hereinafter referred to as Tumla).

This Cookie Policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy and our Terms and conditions.

By using Tumla website, you accept the use of cookies by this website, in the terms contained in this policy.

WHAT ARE COOKIES?

“Cookies” are small text files that are stored on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.

They allow the website to recognize your device and remember if you have been to the website before.

Cookies are very common web technology, most website use Cookies and have done for years. Cookies are widely used in order to make website work more efficiently, as well as providing information to the owners of website.

Cookies are used to measure which parts of the website people visit and to customize your experience. Cookies also provide information that helps us monitor and improve the website’s performance.

REFUSING OR WITHDRAWING CONSENT TO THE USE OF COOKIES

If you do not want Cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some Cookies and to alert you when a Cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help’, ‘tool’, or ‘edit’ section. Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all Cookies, including strictly necessary Cookies, you may not be able to access or use all or parts of the functionalities of Tumla website.

If you want to remove previously-stored Cookies, you can manually delete the Cookies at any time. However, this will not prevent Tumla website from placing further Cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.

We provide the links for the management and blocking of cookies depending on the browser you use:

    Internet Explorer: http://windows.microsoft.com/es-xl/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-10
    Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/clear-cookies-and-site-data-firefox
    Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
    Safari: https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac

FIRST-PARTY COOKIES

We use Cookies to enhance the performance of our website and personalize your online Tumla experience. 

Cookies help us to collect information on how people use our website and which pages they visit. They enable us to monitor the number of visitors and to analyze website usage patterns and trends.

We collect this information anonymously, so it does not identify anyone as an individual and no personal information is stored in our Cookies. We always use Cookie data in a responsible way.

Our aim is to continually improve Tumla online experience. Cookies help to make our website work better and more efficiently. However, you can stop Cookies from being downloaded to your device from Tumla at any time by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. Most browsers will tell you how to change your browser settings to notify you when a Cookie is being set or updated, or to restrict or block certain types or all Cookies.

THIRD-PARTY COOKIES

Third-party cookies may come from partners that provide functional web tools for our site, other website where we advertise and from social networks.

PERSISTENT COOKIES

We use persistent Cookies to improve your experience of using Tumla website. This includes recording your acceptance of our Cookie Policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you use Tumla website. Persistent Cookies remain on your device until deleted manually or automatically.

SESSION COOKIES

Session Cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session Cookies to help us track internet usage for improvement of our website.

You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of Tumla website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our system will issue Cookies when you direct your browser to Tumla website.

The data collected by Tumla website and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above.

USES OF COOKIES

Our Cookies are used for the following purposes:

Strictly Necessary: These Cookies are essential for Tumla website to perform its basic functions.

Security: We use these Cookies to help identify and prevent potential security risks.

Analytics and Performance: Performance Cookies collect information on how users interact with our website, including what pages are visited most, as well as other analytical data. We use these details to improve how our website function and to understand how users interact with them.

Advertising: These Cookies are used to display relevant advertising to visitors who use our services or visit website we host or provide, as well as to understand and report on the efficacy of ads served on our website. They track details such as the number of unique visitors, the number of times particular ads have been displayed, and the number of clicks the ads have received. They are also used to build user profiles, including showing you ads based on products you’ve viewed on our website. These are set by Tumla and trusted third party networks and are generally persistent in nature. 

GOOGLE Analytics. We use Google Analytics provided by Google, Inc., USA (“Google”). These tool and technologies collect and analyze certain types of information, including IP addresses, device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, feature use metrics and statistics, usage and purchase history, media access control address (MAC Address), mobile unique device identifiers, and other similar information via the use of cookies. The information generated by Google Analytics (including your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. We use the GOOGLE Analytics collection of data to enhance the website and platform and improve our service.

CONTACT US

If you have questions about this Cookies Policy, please contact us through our contact page or email feedback@tumla.com
